chore: migrate build/ babel to native configuration (#437)
all-contributors/cli: DEVELOPMENT.md

This runs all tests with code coverage analysis enabled.

> Note: if you want to run your tests locally in vscode using the interactive IDE,

Reviewer: Nit: naming

```suggestion
Note: if you want to run your tests locally in VS Code using the interactive IDE,
```

The project uses Husky to run pre-commit hooks that automatically lint and fix
staged files before each commit.

> #### How it works:

Author: of course. that's thanks to Jim who reminded me to not do that in another pr!!

For now we are keeping all of the dependencies from the kcd-scripts build
system. But we might be able to remove some of these as we refine the build
process and better get to know the project.

### Build dependencies (from kcd-scripts → native Babel)

Legend: **Required** = needed for the build to run. **Removed** = removed
intentionally from the build process. **Unsure** = need to confirm (e.g. depends
on config choice).

- **@babel/core**
  - **Status:** Required
  - **Purpose:** The Babel compiler. Performs the actual transpilation (parse →
    transform → generate).

- **@babel/cli**
  - **Status:** Required
  - **Purpose:** Command-line interface. Runs `babel src --out-dir dist` and
    feeds files to @babel/core.

- **@babel/preset-env**
  - **Status:** Required
  - **Purpose:** Preset that compiles modern JS to match a target environment
    (e.g. Node 22). Handles syntax and, optionally, module format.

- **@babel/plugin-transform-runtime**
  - **Status:** Kept, Optional
  - **Purpose:** Replaces inlined Babel helpers with
    `require('@babel/runtime/...')` so helpers live in one place. Keeps dist
    smaller and avoids duplicating helper code in every file.

> - **@babel/plugin-transform-modules-commonjs**

Author: I also did'nt realize that you can call a cli that way. i've been building locally, linking checking it's linked and then calling all-contributors. using `node dist/cli.js` is much more efficient! thanks for that tip!

  - **Status:** Kept — we still have some CommonJS files in the project.
  - **Purpose:** Converts ES module syntax to CommonJS. Only needed if
    preset-env is set with `modules: false`; if preset-env uses
    `modules: 'commonjs'`, this plugin is redundant.

> - **@babel/plugin-transform-class-properties**

Author: ok that's good. I wondered about why it wouldn't support classes.  REMOVED!!

- Jest plugin rules (for test files only)
- Custom overrides for project-specific needs
- Support for both CommonJS and ES module syntax

## Build system and process migration

Our build system has been migrated from `kcd-scripts build` to native Babel.
Below are the dependencies we add for the new native build and a description of
what each does.

For now we are keeping _some_ of the dependencies from the kcd-scripts build
system. We might be able to remove others as we refine the build process and
better get to know the project.

> ### Build dependencies (from kcd-scripts → native Babel)

Author: @JoshuaKGoldberg i'm curious about some of these deps. Essentially i went through the kcd setup and looked up each dep to see whether we needed it. i removed some that didn't seem useful to us and kept others. would like your input and then we can update this file accordingly as we don't need to document when i dropped I just wanted to document it for the pr here. 

i believe that babel transpiles our code to CJS.  I also pulled the tests from our dist to make it smaller but had to just use bash for it.

Reviewer: I left comments in a few of them. For the most part I agree with the approach of removing most of them! 🔪
